that was exciting for me I'm gonna tell
you here to take a nap and now I've no
no napping we've got to go all night
long you're going to these these parties
right you have yeah there's a lineup you
know first the Governor's Ball you'd a
little Wolfgang Puck food right and then
you go to the Vanity Fair party and then
you go to the Madonna party Oh
hopefully she's there yeah I heard she's
not gonna be there this year but yeah
hey no no cameras no publicists no visit
just artists they're dancing when you do
take if so you will dance because I
would imagine when you go to a party
everyone wants you to dance and they
want to play stayin alive yeah I want to
play grease and they want to see you do
all this up will you do that I will
because you know the cool thing is to
not make too big a deal of it so you let
someone like me dance for just the fun
of it and not the show of it I say and
then if you wanted a circle to go around
you you could invite a circle but I
would do that I see okay so you just
have fun you want to be one of the gang
but I would imagine people probably pass
out when they see you dead they're
probably calling their friends and going
oh my god they're playing the Bee Gees
and drawn Travolta yeah well it's a lot
of pressure is what it is yeah yeah well
you know after I dance with that Prince
Diana it was over you know everybody
needed a dance from me that's a pretty
good yeah that's a pretty good hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you liked that subscribe
to our YouTube channel to get all our
latest videos before they die and go to
YouTube heaven